---
title: "India"
date: 2024-07-09
author: Myles 
layout: post
permalink: /india/
categories: Blog
tags: Blog
---

I wrote these notes as a mini script for a video I was going to make about my India trip. Now, a month after the trip, I don't really want to make the video. But I did want to get my thoughts from the trip out to the world and myself. So I'll just leave the notes here and call it a day.

Click [here](https://www.icloud.com/sharedalbum/#B0v5qXGF1kiMim) to see all the photos from the trip.

https://www.icloud.com/sharedalbum/#B0v5qXGF1kiMim

## What Happened in India?

### Friday 6/28
- Land in Mumbai at 2am, every ad in the airport was for a single bank. Must be good. 
- Stay the night at the airport in a little sleeping pod. Roll the cover down over my face and hope for the best.
- Wake up, shower. Make sure no water gets in mouth, nervous about everything. Get breakfast.
- Get an Uber to the hostel. Guy calls, starts speaking Hindi. I say sorry I don’t understand, he immediately switches to English. Strange that I can just come in expecting this to happen. 
- Uber to the hostel down in Colaba, Backpacker Cowlies. Drive through some slums, and it feels bad. What seem like abandoned buildings and shacks made of sticks and tarp have people coming in and out. Children playing in the streets, pouring rain, 2 feet from cars. Everyone honking. Everyone just about to run into each other but no one does. Dirty shithole. A perfect symphony of order out of chaos. Beauty. 
- Check in at the hostel, mangy cat hanging out on a scooter in the front. Head up to my room to drop stuff. 3 Indian dudes staying in the hostel and me. For some reason I didn’t expect hostels to have so many locals. 
- Go up to common areas. Hot, dirtyish, cracks in the walls. A bajillion pigeons chilling on the roof. 
- See some white dude and Indian guy sitting near each other, not talking. Make eye contact with the Indian guy, Kanv, and start talking. He works in tech in Bangalore, 21, product at Methlab. I tell him I work at Humane and he’s instantly intrigued. Wants to see the Ai Pin. I show him but it’s a broken build and won’t boot, lmao. White guy is Kolya, an aspiring climate lawyer from Belgium on a European gap year through Asia and India. 
- Kanv says there’s another San Franciscan in the hostel. Propose dinner with Kolya and Kanv, we get ready but Kolya goes missing and Kanv hunts down the SF guy, Matt. We’re off to dinner. 
- Go to a Western style restaurant on Kanv’s recommendation. I get a lamb burger, not what I was expecting in India. Learn Matt is (was?) a photographer, taking photos for Gap, Banana Republic, and a bunch of places I’ve never heard of. 
- Continue from dinner, Kanv takes us to a local bar. Mayflower? Get a round and a jaeger shot. Bar with 5 girls and 15 dudes playing pop/hip hop in a faux Irish tavern aesthetic. Home sweet home. 
- Kanv takes us walking around up to the nice part of town. Matt needs an umbrella so we stop in the shop. Look at a couple and he likes one priced at 650 rupees. Kanv haggles the guy down to 350 rupees, back and forth, confidently saying 350, shopkeeper thought he was going to get this white dude and is low key salty this Indian guy is hurting his sale, you can see it on his face. Get the umbrella for 350, basically a spiritual experience to watch that happen. Kanv instantly my hero. 
- Kanv takes us to an even more local, even sketchier bar near where he went to school. Walk through a room where they might have a golf simulator, up through windy hallways and packed tables, into a tiny tiny room. No windows, 25 dudes, one singular woman. 6 dudes smoking in the room, feels like we’re about to start illegal horse bets before getting raided. Great vibes. We get some drinks and I accidentally accept ice into my drink. Take one sip but don’t finish, scared of dying from ice poisoning. 
- Sit next to two locals, start talking. One is from Goa and says we should go down. I say I’m already planning to, Matt says he’ll think about it. I egg him on telling him to go but he seems wishy washy. 
- Take a cab back to the Hostel at 11:15 cause I have a work call at 11:30 lmao. Call with a levels.fyi person to milk FB for more money. I get some good advice. 
- One Indian dude moves into the hostel. We get to talking, asks me about where I’m from, what I do for work, where I should visit in India. He leaves and another guy in the room, who seems like he might work for the hostel(?), tells me to be suspicious of locals who seem like they want to get to know me well. People have their own schemes. I ask him what his vibe of the friendly guy is and he says “I’m telling you this for a reason.” Point noted.
- Head up to common areas to unwind before bed. Kolya returns from his own adventure, tells me about a hike he wants to go on Sunday. Seems interesting but LONG, like the whole day. I’m hesitant but interested. He does to bed. I go to bed. What a day. 

### Saturday 6/29
- Wake up late, go get some breakfast and coffee from a local coffee shop, Olympia? Walk in, every single person there is Muslim and they have like 2x required staff for the number of tables. Half of staff are just hanging around, chilling most of the time. I get a coffee, omelette, and something I don’t recognize. Waiter asks if I want some sort of bread I don’t recognize. I assume he suggested this for a reason and say yes. 
- Everyone looks at me in the shop. Very awkward. I just keep to myself, can tell people are thinking wtf is this guy doing here? 
- Get the food, it’s good. What I didn’t recognize was a sort of spicy sauce, bread was for dipping,  smart. Spicy bread needs a drink to wash it down, but all I have is the coffee, don’t trust the glass of water they gave me. Try to ration coffee cleanses. Do well for first 3/4 then run out, power through the rest. Pay the meal, then walk 5 steps to grab a bottle of water from the fridge that I could have gotten the entire time but felt too awkward to grab. Head back to hostel. 
- Walk around Colaba, call Adria. Get pressured by some local to look at whatever sign he had, something about a tour. Sorry I have to take a call, that’s ok no pay just take a look, thank you but I’m on the phone, it’s ok you look, THANK YOU! Tell Adria this whole thing feels crazy. I’m so uncomfortable and don’t know what to do. Walk past the gateway of India while talking, place is PACKED, don’t get too close. 
- Bird shits on me. Of course. 
- Finish walking around and calling, hang up saying wish me luck. Head back to hostel. 
- Chill out at Hostel for a while, Kolya invites again to the waterfall trek the next day. I say fuck it, sounds like more of a plan than just figuring out what the fuck to do in Mumbai for another day, let’s do it. 
- Go to common areas, tell Kanv about the hike, he’s in if I’m in. Score, three of us are going. 
- Kanv and I get a late lunch, Dosa’s up in the fancy part of town. Delish! 
- Do a bit of shopping. Buy some money envelopes to give Mrunmayi money for the wedding as a gift, they go unused. Get some kurtas from a fancy Kurta shop. Burning man outfits? 
- Back to hostel to chill and do Hostel research for Goa. Lock one down. 
- Getting like an hour and a half out from when we’re supposed to leave, Kolya has been MIA all afternoon and we’re starting to doubt if he’s coming back for the hike. He shows back up, gang’s all here. I start getting second doubts and float bailing. They’re still locked in. Damn. 
- Go get snacks for the trek. We get some protein bars, I get the peanut butter one. Both of them laugh, apparently foreign conception of America is we all eat peanut butter all day every day. They’re not wrong. Flashlights, water, we’re locked in. 
- Get back to hostel, plan to pack bags and and head out. I’m heavily considering bailing. 
- Pack my back, sit in bed, think about how good a full nights sleep would feel, decide to bail. Call Kolya, tell him I’m bailing. He says OK. I go up to common room to give Kanv his snacks, they peer pressure me into going. FUCK. I get my bag, we all get in a cab, we’re doing this. 
- Get to the meeting point 30 minutes away. Seems like a bunch of college students and us. Bus shows up out of nowhere Harry Potter style. Everyone hops on, I get my earplugs and eymask out and attempt to get some sleep on the 4 hour journey there. 

### Sunday 6/30
- Hike of a lifetime.
- LMAO you thought you were going to sleep? Fat chance. Turns out we were on the party bus! 15 of the college students decide to blast Bollywood music as loud as possible and scream every song. Pierces the earplugs, maybe get half asleep on the way there. Not much! 
- 4:30 am breakfast drop off at a random, closed gas station 4 hours from Mumbai. Coffee, chat, back on the bus.
- Hike up. Halfway through the villagers made a pit stop. 3 shacks of sticks and tarp selling fried corn, water, chips, tea. 
- Second half is all hand made stairs out of stone. Sick as hell. 
- Make it to the top, view is incredible. 
- Tiny village at the top of the mountain, 1000 people.
- Go to see the reverse waterfall. Get taught some Hindi, “Kup sipni batsua to.” Tell it to one of the girls on the trip, she is immediately offended. I learn that Indian people love fucking with foreigners. 
- Get a little lost on the way back to the restaurant because of all the fog. Half think we’re gonna die up there. 
- Get lunch at the most run down, makeshift restaurant you’ve ever seen. Like an abandoned tiny villa. Warned that the food would be 10x dirtier than anything I’ve eaten in Mumbai. I’ve had a long hike and need some food, I say fuck it and chow down. 
- Make our way back down the mountain. Shortly in starts POURING rain. Very soaked on the stone stairs back down, NOT good. Be careful. Meanwhile, villager women are walking up barefoot and the boys are chasing each other down the mountain in full sprint in flip flops holding a boombox, travelers are holding on for dear life. Wild stuff.
- Make it all the way back down, wet as could be. Didn’t bring a change of clothes… mistake. 
- Call Adria for an hour as she explains the debauchery of her Greece 2 party. Sad to miss the debauchery, hopeful I’ll get to share in some with her soon. 
- 4 hour ride back home. Bus drops us on the side of the road and speeds away fast, very Harry Potter style bus. 
- Get back to hostel and crash HARD. 

### Monday 7/1
- Drive to Pune…
- Wake up, get breakfast. Check out of the hostel, have a bit of time to kill, need to get a dress shirt for the wedding cause I forgot one. Head out to shop.
- Go to a nice men’s clothing store. Good pants and shirts are like $8 a pop. Score. Buy 10 shirts, 4 pants, 4 ties/cuff links, 5 socks, 3 tee-shirts (fuck it). Walk out of the store with a new wardrobe for like $200. Mega score. 
- Get back to the hostel with all the clothes. Hostel guy sees all the fancy stuff and asks if I’m from London. Lol.
- Buy some shoes, get some lunch to go, say goodbye to Kanv and Kolya. First hostel friends! Very happy I don’t feel alone while traveling. 
- Cab up north. See some of the first cows in the street! 6 lane road meets 6 way road with a blinking red. Absolute clusterfuck with a cow being walked by two aunties in the middle of it. 
- Take cab with Srujun and Avnikah to Pune. Both from India, live SF and SJ now, startup and google. See some monkeys on the side of the road! Very cute. 
- Get to the venue, 5 minutes later two dudes with loud drums come up and start banging and we’re expected to dance! Welcome to an Indian wedding I guess.
- Get our key, get up to the room, get changed, go hang out with all of Mrunmayi’s friends. Group from high school, group from college, and me. Only white dude, very clearly out of place. Every one else is way way closer than i am. Oh boy here we go. Get to meeting people, get to talking about people, having fun! Go down to get dinner.
- Come up to our room after dinner with whole college friend group. Prepare choreo for 4 Bollywood songs, turns out we have to do a whole routine for the Sangeet! What?? Tired as FUCK but we pull it out (thank Amooga for the leadership), and go to bed pooped. 

### Tuesday 7/2
- The fun day! Wake up, breakfast downstairs. 
- Change into Kurta for the Haldi. Head down. Talk to Mrunmayi’s uncle a good amount. 
- Convince Srujun to get a Henna with me. Didn’t want to be the only guy. 
- Dance my butt off to some Bollywood, put some spices on Mrunmayi, dance some more.
- Lunch, pari puri and a million things I don’t know the name of. 
- Go back to the room, do more Sangeet practice with everyone. 
- Sangeet! See some dances, do our dance (knocked out of the park). 
- Big dance reception. Dance with a bunch of people. Put my phone down at the table, 3 minutes later it gets nabbed. Happened to see it and followed the guy, got it back. Held on the rest of the time. Had to sneak bottles of vodka in the little water bottles. Felt like a high school dance all over again.
- Back up to the room, crash hard. 

### Wednesday 7/3
- wedding
    - Toml (sp?) and Maharastran ceremonies. Something like 5 hours. People coming and going the entire time, not one giant ceremony.
    - Ate lunch off of the banana leaf. 
- Massage
- Stay the night in the hotel. Finally get some peace and quiet.

### Thursday 7/4
- Off to goa. 
- Check out of the hotel, get a cab to the Pune airport. Notice in the security line that there are like 10x as many men as women. How the fuck is this possible?? Where are all the women????
- Land in Goa, get an Uber to the hostel. Pass more greenery, go across a nice new bridge, and see a bunch of casinos. 
- Get to hostel, immediate weird vibes, seems empty. Get the key to my room, pass some white guy watching a video on his phone on the way. Get into my private room, score. Feels nice to have a private space. 
- Go talk to the guy. German guy whose name I forgot. Got out of the army and is doing a 6 month tour around. He says Goa is dead dead, heart sinks a little bit. Surely there must be some parties going on? 
- We go to Curlies and get some hookah. It’s playing psytrance and every 30 minutes it gets louder. 
- Go get dinner with German guy in town. 30 minute walk, pass a million street dogs and cows. Why are there so many dogs everywhere in India?? Food is ok. 
- Head back to hostel, German guy has to leave immediately. Head to the bar to meet people. Adhiti, the party animal, is there. One random guy, and three friends with matching shirts: buff guy, Medha, and normal guy. 
- Medha immediately very flirty, comes over, arm touchy. 
- Play a game of beer pong, we’re flirty. Leaning into each other, making excuses to touch each other. She says normal guy is flirting with someone else at the hostel, says we gotta set them up so her friends will get off her back. Says they’ll be protective otherwise. I figure who cares, let’s have some fun.
- Whole hostel takes a cab to the club. Me and Medha in the back. Hands on legs, flirting up a storm. She leans in for the kiss, nice. Says “You’re my first foreigner.” “You’re my first Indian girl,” I reply. Super inappropriate, everyone else is in the cab! Whatever, fun is fun.
- Dance around in the club, House of Chapora! Get the PSYTRANCE! 17 dudes on bachelor trip joke around with me and point to their tongues when I ask if they’re having a good time. They’re having a good time.
- Continue dancing and flirting with Medha, all systems go for a great night. 
- All take cab back to the hostel at like 2:30 in the morning. Raining hard. Group is talking about going to a bar a 5 minute walk away, I don’t want to go. I just want to get into the bedroom with Medha. I stand next to her, whisper “hey, can you help me with something real quick?” She comes with me to my room at the hostel.
- Get in my room, lock door. Don’t need any visitors. She gets call from Buff Guy Friend yelling at her. Something along the lines of “stop doing this, you’re going to regret this, don’t be a hoe, etc.” She’s yelling back at him that he should leave her alone and she can do whatever she wants. 
- She hangs up. Nice. We start making out. Nice. We’re on the bed. Nice. 10 or so minutes goes by, we’re into it.
- Door to the building my room is in opens. Buff Guy is furious, yelling. Starts banging on my room door. Medha gets up and yells back at him to leave her alone.
- He breaks down the door, destroying the lock. They yell at each other. I’m in bed, shirtless, praying to God I don’t get murdered right then and there. Buff Guy slaps Medha HARD across the face. *WHAP* Storms out of the room and closes the door.
- Medha looks at me and asks “Are you okay?” I’m like “are YOU okay? You’re the one who just got hit” She reassures me that he’s just being protective because he cares, it’s a cultural thing. I ask if he’s going to come back and beat the shit out of me, she reassures me I’ll be okay. 
- A more sane, level headed man would have told her this was a fun time and she should probably head out. I am not a more sane, level headed man. I pull her back onto the bed and we keep making out. Nice. 5 more minutes go by. 
- Buff Guy comes storming back into the building. I start making peace with the fact that I will be killed. He comes back into the room, this time easier since the lock was already destroyed. They resume yelling at each other. He throws her to the ground and slaps her hard across the face one more time. 
- Medha looks at me, in a panic yells “Call the police! Call the police!” I don’t move, one reach for my phone and I’m sure it will be shoved down my throat. Buff guys looks at me, points in my face and says “This is all your fault.” He leaves the room in another huff. Medha gets up. Says “I’m so sorry.” Leaves. Shuts the door behind her.
- I’m alone in bed, adrenaline pumping out of my ass. In shock. What a night. Wild stuff.
- Go to bed, first night in Goa complete.

### Friday 7/5  
- Vamos
- Wake up in a daze, lock still busted the entire time I was there.
- Go get some breakfast and come back to the hostel, Meet Elizabeth. British lady who I didn’t get along with at first. Editor for a science magazine and in med school. We go around town, get a scooter and see some sights. 
- Go to club with Tushar, Elizabeth, Aditi, Aditi’s fiancée, Tommy, Kevin. Fancy schmancy place playing some good techno. Probably my favorite techno I heard in Goa. Talk to some girls, some Ukrainians. 
- Hit on a girl in a pink dress. Tell her she looks princess like. She gets up, 4 dudes around her all face me and roll an intimidation check. I’m looking at one guy and laugh out awkwardness. He says “what the fuck are you laughing at.” I turn away with Adhiti and her fiancée and chill out. He comes back a minute later apologizing saying it was a misunderstanding, we shake hands. Go on my way.
- Flirt with girl in green dress. Beautiful. She invites me to dance with her friends, my friends come over and dance. We all dance.
- Elizabeth is getting hit on by a lot of guys. Some she’s into, some she’s not. I’m nearby and anytime she needs she pulls me in to cockblock people. Super fun. I’m coming up with ways to get between them, including picking up roaches off the ground pretending they’re mine and asking him for a light. Eventually they get the idea.
- Girl in green dress tells me to wait around, 2 minutes. She’ll be back. As she leaves my friends say they’re looking to go, something like 4am now. I agree to go with them, nervous how I’d get back if I stay. But also…… nervous to stay in general I guess. Foolish me, say yes dumbass. Just as I’m leaving the girl in the green dress comes back in. We hug, I say I’m heading out with my friends. We part ways never to see each other again. I’m left with the feeling in the car… should I go back? Something like when Willow and I first got together. Only this time I didn’t run back. Run back, dumbass. Say yes, dumbass… One day I’ll learn.
- Get back to the hostel and meet two new people Oefa and Lily, an Irish girl and a British girl. They’re from the nearby hostel a five minute walk away. That one sounds fun so I think about going over.

### Saturday 7/6
- Salud
- Wake up late. Like 1pm. Before going to get breakfast I walk over to the hostel Oefa and Lilly came from. Tommy and Kevin now staying at that hostel. 
- Right when I get there I see a group of people coming out and getting on some bikes. A bunch of people I don’t recognize…. And Matt! The photographer from SF that I met in Mumbai! Wild luck. I say hi to him, we say we should catch up but never do… must be a common pattern when traveling. He invites me out to the waterfall they’re going to… but I need to get breakfast. I wish them on their way and head back out to the world.
- Go get breakfast, possibly with Elizabeth, possibly without. Who knows! Elizabeth and I are now fully joking how we’re brother and sister and share our stories with each other. Where do we come from, what are our families like, what do we do and care about. Get really close, actually really start liking her. 
- I’m running low/out of cash so we get a scooter and try to find an ATM. We find a couple but neither work! With my or her card. I figure it will be ok, I’ll figure it out. Not the end of the world. 
- We go back to the nearby hostel, the Beachside Hostel, and see who we can find. We meet some guy from Delaware who is drugged out of his mind. Eyeballs vibrating at the speed of light. Not exactly sure what he was on, but he’s clearly having a good time! 
- Elizabeth and I leave. Lunch?
- Start figuring out where to go out for the night. With the people in Beachside trying to figure it out, I know Adhiti has a pill and has offered me half… score. Eventually the whole group decides on Salúd. I go with Adhiti and her friend, Doc. He’s a plastic surgeon with a practice in Goa. He’s planning to go out with us until ass late o’clock, then wake up and have 4 appointments, then party again! Absolutely wild…. No idea how he does that. 
- Me, Adhiti, and Doc all get to salud together. Everyone else, like 20 people? All there before we get there. None of them want to go in because the cover is too high… losers. They leave, but Adhiti, me, and Doc will not be deterred! We pop and go in.
- Loud. Red. Lots of people. Not many people dancing. Bop around for a long time, having a good time.
- Eventually start coming up and it’s starting to hit. I get HOT hot. Sweating and starting to freak out. I just met two people at a hostel who I don’t know very well. I took something they gave me. I don’t know what it is! And who is this mysterious doctor guy? Are they going to kidnap and murder me or take an organ? Lots of paranoid thoughts running through my head.
- Say I need to get away. Go to the bathroom and see a sign that says “Say NO to drugs”… freak out a bit. In the stall. Bent over at the waist dry heaving and sweating buckets. Still freaking out. Text Adria “If you don’t hear from me in 24 hours, here’s my hostel I’m staying at and two numbers for people I met here. Call them and ask if I’m ok. I’ll be ok, just being safe.” Killswitch activated. She says be safe! Don’t die out there. 
- I get out of the stall and wash my hands, trying to blend in. Guy next to me says “good party?” “Great party,” i reply. Safe. Nice. Go back out and dance for another couple hours, have a good time.
- Adhiti and Doc drive us back, paranoid thoughts are often times just paranoid thoughts. That’s okay. 

### Sunday 7/7  
- Diaz
- Brunch with Doc, Adhiti, and Elizabeth in a local hole in the wall. Fish curry! Delish. Get some ponchos, go back to Docs place. Fancy villa thing, they start drinking, smoking, listening to music as Doc gets appointments coming in. Lol.
- Finally get some cash. Elizabeth and I scoot to an ATM that works for her card, need to PayPal her later, figure it out later.
- Group going to go to Diaz. Another techno club. 

Below this.... I kinda gave up. Still fun! But now it's too late to remember everything...

- Have a nice, sober time with the gang. Fun night! Nothing too crazy. 

### Monday 7/8
- Curlies 
- Kind of a wash, whatever. Needed to actually recover some time! 

### Tuesday 7/9
- Go home!